Chapter 1: Hello

Hello.

I am a stone.

My name is... Stone.

And I've been here for a long time. Ever since the appearance of this mountain.

The mountain is my mother. Once she was a small volcano. Then he erupted and spat me out. And I fell, and now I'm a stone.

Well, that's all. I'm a stone, I can't say anything more.

Although no, I can.

What is happening around me.

I don't have eyes, and neither do I have ears.

But I am a stone. So I don't give a shit about biology.

So.

Almost nothing happens here. I lay there for 575,546 years, seven months, three days, fifty-four seconds, twenty-one milliseconds and four hundred and twenty-two nanoseconds, and suddenly...

Nothing happened.

Interesting, right?

And me too.

Then, by the way, the monks came. They climbed on my mother and built their own temple there. I just can't see it from here.

There were also other people passing by. And they left. And some did not leave ... But they are no longer on my mother.

Well.

The night is coming. Soon the eagles will fly to their nests. I can look at them for a couple of seconds. Cool.

Oh look, someone's coming!

Is that... Goblin?

Uh, what are you, overlooked, I did not understand?

Live back in place!

Stop though.

Let him carry.

But I see something new.

Although I still have no interest.

After all, I am a stone.

Chapter 2: Ouch!

Ay! Ay! Ouch!

Stop it, moron!

Perfect... Aw!

This goblin is trying to smash some dead man's head with me. Ay!

Listen, I don't like being beaten!

I'm a stone! Ugh, no, stone! Ouch!

I can crack!

I already broke once when I fell, flying out of my mother.

Ay! Pieces of me, where are you?! Your part is being beaten! Ay!

Damn, this empty-headed farmer has a strong skull! Ay!

Yes, a farmer! Yes emptyhead! I can even hear that sound of emptiness inside! Ay! Farmer, are you punishing me like that on purpose?

This goblin is tired.

No, of course I'm glad for the variety, but it's also very ... Boring.

Ouch!

Do you think I feel pain?

No! I just make this sound. For you, dear fuck knows who you are and how you hear me there, or maybe you don’t hear me, but, hey, talking to someone in your head is a good way to fight boredom, isn’t it?

But wait, I don't feel bored.

After all, I am a stone.

Opa. Finally this super hard head cracked!

Hey, goblin, are you crazy? Throw it again, and I'm not responsible for myself!

... Well, yes, it's already clear that I can't do anything.

After all, I am a stone.

Chapter 3: The Cave

The stone is here.

I lie quietly in the corner of that goblin's cave.

Or rather, goblins.

I was taken advantage of and abandoned!

Whine.

I was separated from my mother!

Whine.

Nobody needs me!

Well, fuck it.

I suck at all of this.

After all, I am a stone.

It would be necessary to say something ... But there is nothing.

The goblins are bustling, cooking that farmer.

Why the brains got out - I do not understand.

They are not zombies.

Maybe they have a cute little zombie pet?

Dreaming is not bad.

Dream...

I am a stone, but I can dream.

But why?

I'm fine as it is.

I lie behind the grass

In a damp dungeon

filled with boredom

The stone is young (old, only shh!)

My sad friend

Lies in the distance

In the radiance of the sun it shines in the river

Glitter and Glitter and Glitter and Glitter

He doesn't want to stop shining

Calls me with his gaze and brilliance

And he wants to say: let's shine!

He seriously fucked me up right now

If we were human, I would break his eye.

Although no, it is enough for him to be a man.

Because then I can still break his eye.

If they leave me. What might happen, with some chance. Purely hypothetical.

After all, I am a stone.

Chapter 4: The Deep

Ave stone.

That is, to me.

The goblins were killed by the adventurers. Nothing new.

I was pulled off the road. Nothing new.

Some kid said he wanted to throw me in a hole and listen to the roar. Nothing... Fuck you!

I don't want to shrink again!

And the stone!

This means that my pride is also strong as a stone!

And I don't want to become a stone!

I'm proud of my three sizes!

By x, y and z...

But the problem is different!

They dragged me!

Damn, adults, how the hell are they toiling with foolishness?

No! Put it where you got it, goat! Don't paw me here!

Nooo...

I am defiled... I have no reason to live...

Kidding. Stones can joke, am I right? Right?

What, no? Yes, nonsense, then you can consider me unique.

But adventurers don't care about my exclusivity...

They threw me... Bros, how could you...

Because of you, I fell into such an abyss that now I will never get out ...

Kek. Lol. XD.

Glory to the memes. Putin on a bear.

Potatoes will take over the world...

I'm not trying to be distracted at all!

No, what are you! It's so interesting here! Look, there is a whole NICHRE THERE IS NO BLAH FLY HERE I DON'T WANT TO SIT HERE FOREVER SAVE!

Mother...

I know you won't fit in here, but still...

Well, nishtyak situation. Fucking adventurers.

OK.

It's not the first time I've been thrown around.

I'm a stone.

Chapter 5: Freedom! It's like...

Good Evening, gentlemen cockroaches in the head.

Stape, and parasites can start in the stone?

Or microbes...

Looks like I'm not hollow...

Oh, I'm sorry, it's a rock.

And who did you think? If it's about me, then you guessed it.

Congratulations. Miracles of deduction.

Because it's elementary, Watson.

BECAUSE THERE IS NO ONE BUT ME!

Sorry.

Nerves to hell.

Yes, I am a stone with mental problems.

I understand that this is... Unusual, but still...

OK! I'm done! Time to get out!

But how?

After all, I am a stone.

Whine.

I never thought I'd regret being a stone.

Light! I see a light at the end of the tunnel! He's coming!

Oh no, it's just the day upstairs.

And above my hole open sky.

Maybe you should look at the clouds and relax...

No! You can't see shit from here!

Voice! I hear a voice!

Human! Shut up and help me!

Yes, your mother, gone!

Oooooh! Who is this? Is this a scientist? What does he want?

"What a beautiful piece of quartz! I've never seen one this size. I should take it to my student for practice."

Workouts? What is it about?

"He just needs to learn how to process crystals. He's a bit big though..."

No, do not go! Do not leave me! I agree to your training!

"Oh well. Just have to split it."

Whine.

Why did I agree...

Hello again. I have lost a third of myself, and she pitifully calls me for help from the pit...

I was locked in some kind of box. Again nothing is visible. But somehow I don't care...

Still, I am a stone

Chapter 6: Escape

Hohoho and the maniac in the fireplace!

Happy new day to you!

I'm shaking in my personal box.

I was thinking, if you stick a sword in me, then I will become famous in legends, like a stone in which a sword? And some kid named Artie won't come and rape my back trying to get him out?

And I'm like this:

No, slow down! He's so deep! Be gentle with me! Go eat Nestle!

Ahem.

Something I really missed.

Op!

I did a super difficult acrobatic move called "rock jump two centimeters and thirty millimeters!"

It's a great achievement considering I can't move.

By the way, about this. I'm reminded of a story about a full-length doll of a woman who was conscious but couldn't move.

And one day some guy found her, and he...

Well, I'm not in danger. And then I feel that someone suggested to God that they make something interesting out of me ... Playful ...

So, I'm bored again.

Even though I'm a stone

Wow! The cart overturned and my box fell and broke! And my beautiful round (recently) body rolled into the ditch!

Looks like the scientist is in trouble. He was surrounded by some medieval gopniks and they are trying to take away the mobile phone ... That is, the money.

Well, well, it doesn't concern me.

Get my revenge for what you did to me!

Fine. Now I have become like a normal stone.

Lying in a ditch, thinking about all sorts of nonsense...

What happens if you sew a third egg on an ostrich? Will he be uncomfortable running? Oh wait, he doesn't have any balls. Or rather, there are, but so big that ...

Ugh, not that.

Well. I'm free as a bird...

That was just born.

And that he will never learn to fly.

But no, stop. I am from an ancient mystical family of ordinary stones. Can I awaken special abilities? God, please! Let my fantasies come true... Ugh, please forget what I just said. Erase it from your memory and never remember!

If I'm not the sickest stone in the world for my hard head, then this is just great! If not, then... Don't care.

Come what may!

Still, I'm just a rock.

Chapter 7: Change

Don't pass by, traveler.

Swear, rest.

Like this.

Wipe that fucking bird shit with your fat ass.

Poor trees, as I understand them...

Dogs are evil.

Birds are evil.

People - ... People are dolpayopy, as I recently saw.

Good evening, dear friend.

Although it's morning, but I don't give a shit.

Ask me why I didn't give a shit about being screwed over?

Well, sort of... I should give a shit, but they still gave a shit about me...

Doesn't matter.

I'm lying here, I'm bored. Maybe it would be better to be in the laboratory of this scientist? It would be more fun.

I lay, I lay...

It's been about two years. And while I was deciding to be or not to be...

There's been an earthquake!

I started with the polka, then professionally moved to the Cossack and finally, divinely performed dubstep.

And although it looked exactly the same to you, you can’t deceive the master.

Differences in bouncing frequency, motion vector and angle of incidence are decisive. I hope your brain is not overheated from such complex concepts?

Joyfully laughing, I jumped up again, and...

Didn't land.

Here's the fak?!!!

I fell into a crack in the ground caused by an earthquake.

Grandma, I'm flying to you!

Bdum.

No... I'm not flying anymore...

I hit something hard.

Something solid roared like a wounded tiger, only from this roar I nearly cracked.

Well, yes... With my luck... I fell into an underground cave.

Right on the dragon's head.

Today without "because I am a stone."

Today is a special day.

Chapter 7.5: Intermedia 1

Hello, I am God.

I run a small but interesting world.

You may not believe it, but its most unusual, outstanding and strange inhabitant is an ordinary piece of quartz.

Yes, I know. This is weird.

But it's not my fault.

I'm not here at all.

Just some stone with a sick psyche... For a stone.

When I told the other gods about him, they just laughed. One even suggested arranging everything so that later they would make a dil out of him ...

However, I don't want to repeat it. Wrong place, wrong time.

But what really surprises me is that he thinks a lot of strange things.

I don't know where he got them from.

But it doesn't look like he figured it out.

By the way, now he is in a cave with a dragon...

I didn't do it, honestly!

He himself managed to punch the dragon in the head.

I swear, if he gets out of there safely, I will give him a gift.

However, it really surprises.

Because he is a stone.

*Song of a stone lying in a ditch:*

Am I to blame

Am I to blame

Is it my fault that I'm lying?

Am I to blame

What did I care

When they took out his brain.

Picked up and threw

Picked up and threw

Me vicious green freak.

And I believed everything

Yes, and fell again

Cursing like a blinded mole.

Oh you are my mother

Oh you are my mother

Take it home soon.

At night the stars are burning

And the beds creak

goblin night

They cut into meat.

I blame myself

I blame myself

That I gave myself so quickly to him.

And he raised me

Took thirty years

Thrown into endless darkness.

Am I to blame

that took me away

What piece was cut off then?

And then shocked

And the vessel where they carried

Here the years pass with me.

Chapter 8: Not a pleasant way to get power

Watashi wa namae ga kamen desu.

Or natively

My name is Stone.

And my race is a stone.

And my destiny is...

OK.

Things are very strange for me.

After I smashed the dragon's head, he certainly didn't die.

What did you think?

Will everything be that easy?

He is now roaring and looking around, looking for what hit him.

Oh, I found it.

No! No! Dont touch me!

He grabbed me and threw me back into the hole!

Looks like he's smarter than he looks.

I already thought he would try to take revenge on the stone.

But you know...

The laws of physics have not yet been repealed.

HEADSHOT BEACH!

Under the force of gravity, I fell back into the hole.

Right in the eye of an angry dragon.

Oh no no no!

He is furious!

He kicked me!

...

...

Well...

I bounced off the wall and gouged out his other eye.

It's... Even for me somehow...

Okay, I admit, he's dumb as a... Rock. Not me, just a rock. Well, maybe a little smarter.

Backing and circling around the cave with a wild roar, the dragon almost crushed me.

Oh!

He kicked me again!

He... Do stupid dragons exist at all, or did he think there would be no third time?

Well, he's right.

I did not bounce into it, I flew into some kind of viscous heap.

Em...

Is this dragon shit?

Thank you, I had enough bird.

Crap. Take me away from here!

It stinks in here!

But I don't smell.

But I don't want to lie in shit!

Nobody walks here!

I found out two things:

I'll have to lie here for a very long time.

A very long time.

A VERY LONG TIME!

And the second...

Dragon shit is full of magic power.

I'm a quartz.

A natural vessel for magic, though not of the highest quality.

And the dragon keeps increasing the pile.

What should I do?

I can't do anything!

Even if I'm a magic stone!

Chapter 9: I'm sorry, what?

X * yu-x * d, with you bald bourgeois.

Yes. I own a giant pile of dragon shit. Envy silently.

And I'm bald. You can't argue here.

Today is a significant day. Today...

Let's go in order.

I lay, I lay. Long, a whole hundred years.

The dragon healed his eyes, but he didn't find me.

(Strongly flunked me over the years.)

Finally, he flew away.

Well, I was left alone.

And suddenly...

And nothing.

And then suddenly again!

And again nothing.

And then, suddenly, a translucent window of text appeared before my mind's eye.

[Congratulations.

You have become the sole owner of this exclusive pile of shit.

Due to the high level of intelligence, you are equated with a living being and have the opportunity to become a full-fledged life form. (And not because I want to neigh with you longer)]

[You have received the status]

[To check the status, mentally say:

"Because I'm <view>!"]

So.

Fine. It was unexpected.

To be honest, I almost freaked out.

Lying here in silence, nothing happens...

And then such a voice!

If I wasn't a stone, my heap would get bigger even without the dragon's help.

OK

"Because I am a stone!"

Drink!

[Name: Stone.

Race: Quartz

Level: 0

Titles:

"The most stoned stone in the world" - make the god neigh over you (+1 to all characteristics)

"Nose Killer" - Obtain an unbearable stench (I'm sorry, but I could not erase your smell - God) (Ability: poison exhalation)

"Boomerang" - return twice to the one who threw you (+2 speed, +1 luck)

Characteristic:

Strength: no

Agility: no

Life: 53/81

Mana: 145 / unknown

Endurance: ∞

Luck: no

Add. Features not available]

[Evolution available]

?

???

???????

Sorry what?

What is this?

So, I did not understand, God, what is this?

Why couldn't you erase the smell?

Are you God or not?

Oh, evolution is available, into whom?

[It's a secret]

A?

Okay, let's go.

Start evolution.

[Evolution started... And already finished]

[Racial changed to: Stinkball(Alive)

(What are you, oborzel, to make claims to God?)]

[All stats set to: 1]

[Available Ability: Poison Release]

[Titles Active]

[Level: 1]

[Good luck with your but... Scraping the crap!]

Now I finally understand...

So my luck is 0.

I'm a stone.

Oh no.

Now I'm Stinkball.

Chapter 10: Fresh Air!

Good afternoon.

My name is Stone.

And I'm a stink ball.

Literally.

I don't know how long I've been lying here, but finally, finally!...

I have guests.

The trio emerged from a passage at the other end of the cave.

A magician with a chic long white beard and two slightly bearded Tajiks.

"The rumors were true! Just look!" yelled the mage. - "It really is a dragon cave! But that's not the point!"

"And what about the chief, the nayalnika?" one of the Tajiks asked.

"Are you an idiot? Can't you see that?!" - he pointed at me. "That's a top-notch dragon pile of shit!"

"What's the swearing of the man, the tyrant? Chagoi takoo in gavina?" - said the other.

"Idiots! Can't you feel it? This pile is saturated with high-class magic power! This color, this texture, this smell!"

The magician took a deep breath with pleasure and rubbed his cheek against the heap.

Even I was scared for him.

Not for a mage. For shit.

"Load! We're taking it!" - Shouted the magician with a brown beard to the Tajiks.

Eh, stop! It's mine! Do not touch! Do not separate us, fiends!

[You've gotten so used to a bunch of crap that you've almost become one with it. Because of this, you get a special opportunity.]

[Available merge with: Pile of dragon shit]

Whatoo? It doesn't matter, they take it away! Run the merge!

Shit flew out of their car and returned to the pile. The heap itself began to shrink until everything was absorbed into me. I became perfectly round and shiny...

"What?!" - exclaimed the magician.

[Merger completed.

Automatically evolved.]

[You have absorbed the wisdom and power of dragons through the sacred artifact: dragon shit.

New Race Installed: Dragonshit Crystal]

[All stats: +1.

Mana: lost _ at _ fifth_ zero/many]

"This... What is this?" - exclaimed the magician.

He jumped up and tried to pick me up, but he had all his hands in the remnants of shit, and I slipped out. He tried to wipe his hands on his beard, but it was even dirtier.

Cursing, he pulled his wand out of his pocket and cast some kind of spell.

Wheeeee! I'm flying!

His crap-stained mug was in front of me.

No! No! Don't rub your face on me! Pervert! Leave me alone! Help!

... I was loaded into a wheelbarrow and taken to the surface.

Not how I imagined it, not like...

But in the end my luck is only 2...

Because no matter what the name is, I'm still a rock.

Chapter 11: Movement

Whoa, whoa, palehgche, palehgche.

I recommend that you shrug it off and listen carefully.

Today... I... Sd—

We rode across the surface in a cart.

The damn magician didn't want to let go of me and studied everything that his playful hands could reach.

One of the Tajiks told another:

"Kill the selaman shit. Eat tired, but not the magician. I twisted the saman smahtra, and my ass got stuck."

"Wah!"

But suddenly!

And here it is, all of a sudden!

No, no, right here, just suddenly!

Once!

It pierced the Tajik's eye!

Gopn... That is, the bandits are attacking!

The mage jumped up and pulled out his wand.

Another Tajik pike dived into a wheelbarrow.

"Shalamanamana wah!"

3/11 out.

Arrows fly like rain...

Such a pitiful rain. And quite oblique.

"Neus morpheus tableticus vibiraticus!"

7/11

Bandits with swords jumped on the magician!

"Strelus Zabivatu..."

The magician was killed.

Well, okay.

"Ugh, what a disgusting stink." - wrinkled the leader, a bald skinny with obvious spermatotoxicosis.

What? Do I stink? Yes, it's just a scent! Fragrance! You didn't smell shit!

"Boss! There's something valuable here...!" - one of the sixes tried to lift me up.

Listen, go fuck yourself. I'm fine here.

I tried to repeat the spell that the magician then said. Without a stick, it should turn out weak.

'submeticus letalicus!'

* And now he takes over the opponent up! He dodged a right hook, and...! What a blow! The most powerful uppercut knocked the enemy out of the ring! This is victory!*

Yes.

I did not know why it happened, but the takeoff was stronger than I expected.

Flying past the outstretched hands, I crashed into the bandit's jaw with great speed, biting his tongue in mid-sentence and sending him into a small flight.

So, now to the left!

HEADSHOT.

Oh, not there.

DOUBLE KILL

Yes, blah, that you all put obstacles here, I'm learning to fly!

TRIPLE KILL!

K-K-COMBO!

When I finally got used to flying a little, then four barely moving carcasses were already lying on the ground.

Don't care about bandits.

I can move!!!!

YES, FUCK!

Now I won't tame!

Higher, higher, I will rise to heaven!

AY BELIV AY KAN FLY! AY BELIV AY KEN TOUCH THE S...

A bird hit me.

Chapter 12: Fear me

Ay! Where I am?

*Pruf Interior*

I... did I fall?

*Shared with My Non-existent Cat*

*Present*

This... What is this place?

*STONE*

*TOO-DOO-DUN-DUN, TO-DOO-DUN-DUN, TO-DOO-DUN-DUN TO-DOO-DUN-DUN.

TU-DOO-DUN-DUN, TU-DOO-DUN-DUN, TU-DOO-DUN-DUN TU-DOO-DUN-DUN.

TU-DU-DOON-DOON, TU-DOO-DOON-DOON, TU-DOO-DOON-DOON TU-DOO-DOO-DOON;

TU-DUN-DUN-DUN-DUN-DUN,

TU-DOO-DUN TU-DOO-DUN...*

Hello, my favorite slowpacks,

My name is Stone and I went on a circumnavigation with one sparrow... I would, if I hadn't sunk like an ax... Sorry, stone.

The sparrow was healthy... And stupid. So just knocked down in flight a ball the size of a human head.

I more or less collected my thoughts after the fall.

First, my strength, well, or my hit points. They fell. Fell to the bottom, like me now.

Secondly, I found that my mana spent flying was being restored.

Well, as I noticed. It was very difficult to define...

[Mana: again_as_and_before/a lot]

OK. I escaped from the ground, I learned to move, and I am as free as a cracked ball of quartz, stuck in the mud at the bottom of the river, can be free ...

Something like this.

Oh!

Forgot the most important thing! The system has been signaling me to level up for a long time!

[Status: Smells a little

Name: Stone

Race: Dragonshit Crystal

Level: 3(72%)

Characteristic:

Strength: F=ma

Agility: no

Life: 13/101

Mana: How much_and_was/many

Endurance: ∞

Luck: 4

Add. Features not available

Titles: "The most stoned stone in the world",

"Nose killer", "Boomerang", "Round, bald and shiny" - no comments (Increases the shine of the bald head, increases the sympathy of women)

Abilities: Poison Release Lv.1, Telekinesis Lv.3]

[For leveling up more than one at a time, you get the chance to get a random ability]

ABOUT...

ABOUT...

This is me now not trying to compare myself with the letter O, to check the correctness of the title!

Give me such a title...

"Increases sim..."

Okay, so be it.

And now, it is necessary to get a new ability as soon as possible!

'Get!'

[Preparing to receive...

Establishing connection with Korean servers...

Module: "Great Korean Random" is connected.

Activation...

Mo...cap...lon...deg...well...ima...noi...vas...ana...

Ready

New Ability Gained:

Rank: Legendary...

Target: living being...

"Anal Punishment" - divine power drags the user through the target's anus to the mouth, tearing all the insides and causing the target great pleasure. (Only for small creatures.)

Pros: one shot

Cons: ...Lol]

...

.....

.......

............

................................................. ................................................. ................................................. ................................................. ................................................. ................................................. ................................................

Can you try again?

Congratulations. Now I can kill anyone, even this &$#@+;! +-(^÷¢€√ on top.

Fear me. Bugagaaaaaa.........?

Chapter 13: The Child

My bald head is shining

Sparks go out on the fly ...

Nobody notices me

Nobody jumped into the water.

The night will pass, and early in the morning

By the river and over the river

I'm waiting for you with a crowd of gypsies

Take me home

Goodbye shawl with a border

You pull a knot on me!

I'll cover her bald head

Not to be seen from afar.

Someone tell my fate?

Someone tomorrow, you and I

Threateningly orders

Buy sausage?

I am very kind today.

I ask you love

GET ME OUT OF HERE

OR YOU WILL DIE BITCH!

I mean, I was lying in the river, having fun, singing songs.

Suddenly!

The girl came to the river. (Ahaha on the first try, trolled, azaz)

The girl fell under my title, and noticed my bald head, sparkling in the sun like a precious stone. (However, everything is correct here)

"Wow!" the girl screamed and jumped into the river.

After a long and exhausting battle (it wasn’t good to swim against the current, she could jump higher up the river), she finally reached out to me, and, with difficulty, pulled me out. The girl, panting, fell on the shore, and I began to examine my savior.

If you think that since her clothes got wet, and stones are not planted for pedophilia, then I examined her very "thoroughly", then you are mistaken. I'm not a Japanese stone, although I can cackle a little at theirs.

In any case, the stone does not care about women at all. I'm generally not interested in people in this regard. After all, I'm a stone. (It's back!)

The girl waited until her clothes were dry in the warm rays of the early summer sun, and began to examine me. By the way, while I was lying in the river, all the smell was washed away. And how could this moron from above claim that he could not remove him?

Oh. You shouldn't talk about God like that. I feel with my ass (that is, with my whole body) that I will now have a cheerful 3.14 here.

"How round and shiny!" - admired the girl. I want him to play home account!

She grabbed me and ran somewhere.

So, I have experienced a lot, but the fantasy of a little girl is something unimaginable. For the sake of keeping your mind healthy, I will name only the most harmless games with me:

1. Stuffing. Despite my hardness, she long and hard added cracks to me.

2. Throwing me at an angry dog. Now I'm covered in blood and saliva, as well as tooth marks and dog ahem.

3. The girl noticed that my bald head sparkles even in the dark. Now I'm also a flashlight.

4. I don't know who came up with this, but &--_-_+ sitting on me - umm... Well, this girl is already fourteen...

Having served as a weapon against a lot of things (it was especially annoying when I was crushed by insects), I understood a couple of levels, and at the fifth I finally got [Auto-recovery of health] and [Auto-recovery of mana], thanks to which I was finally able to save my fading life and return the wasted mana again. It was not worth trying to get out when it was obvious that I was stuck tightly. Only then did I notice that I had accumulated Mana, and was at the very end.

At the moment, I wanted to get out of here on a quiet morning, but now I have to wait for the night.

The girl took out some paint and paints my face. (Honestly, even God draws better)

It was a crooked, crazy and stoned face, which was only a handful of lines. Damn, if there were hands, even I would draw much better!

Speaking of escape.

Will I be able to use telekinesis to control armor?

I stared at the lone, cheap black armor against the wall. They took advantage of her departure on women's affairs, I took off and flew into the helmet. Who do I remember now...

"Luke, I am your father!"

A small step, another ... Hands obey. Success. I'm just like a ghost in the shell.

-------------------------------------------------- ------------------------

There is more plot than jokes, but oh well.

Chapter 14: Me naip...

Hop, Hey, La La Ley!

One step, another step...

I'm coming! I'm a stone, but I'm walking! Kick-Ass!

I'm so tired...

It's fucking tiring!

This damn armor is too heavy!

I have a little bald head did not sweat!

No, of course I have infinite stamina, but this does not apply to magic!

Boom.

The armor fell face down. Guess where?

Yes, that's right, there ... Only in the horse ...

What am I to do now?

[Confluence available: horse shit. Projected Stat Increase: +1000 Life.]

Um... I certainly didn't mean that... But HOW MUCH?

COME QUICKLY!

Shit is gone.

[Merged: Horse Shit. (HP: +3)]

A? Che? Che what what? Repeat?

[Life: +3]

Did you fucking say stat increase: HP +1000?!!!!

[No. I said PROJECTED stat increase: HP +1000. That is, conjectural.]

NAEPALOVO!!!!!!!!

Admin here! Mods are naughty!!

[Scream all you want, no one will come.;)]

Yes, god. I, of course, have patience, like a stone, But you have already completely okuel something !!!

[Title obtained: Lord of Insolence - your chsv is, like, more than a god. (+0 to all stats; all abilities related to baldness, mustache and pride are raised to the maximum level.)]

Okay, so what do you do with it...

Cap.

So also the bird shit on top ...

And this is what we're going to eat...

Chapter 15: The Body

Total.

What we have?

Lying somewhere in a field, a set of armor with a magic stone inside, covered from head to toe in bird shit... It was covered.

I am full of energy again and ready for accomplishments!

No matter how strange it may sound, but ... It was delicious (I just cry because I say such shit about it).

Fine. I dropped my armor on the spot and went light. I try hard not to fly too high.

ABOUT! There's a house ahead! Farmers again?

Spit!

No, it looks like a family of knights... An idea!

I flew into their shed.

Esss! They have armor sets here. For children, adults, teenagers... Iron, leather, whatever! It's really quite old...

So.

All iron - sweep aside. Hard.

Can I take baby armor? No, I'm too big, I won't pass for a child's head.

Then there's only one thing left...

Oh. Here on the back of the armor it says "x * y" ...

Well, ok, then I'll have to take a female one, this one, with iron inserts.

So what else...

A!

I landed in place of the helmet in the armor. By the way, since I have a face, it would be better for them to go ahead ...

Only now there is no one who has a quartz ball instead of a head, and even shining in the sun, like a lighthouse at night ...

I picked up an old hooded cape and pulled it over my armor.

By the way, it turned out great, the armor is like a body for me, telekinesis fixes its position relative to me, if not turned off. From the outside, it looks like a real person. Or someone else...

I pulled the hood down. It still doesn't bother me.

Although I can’t fly now, I can move for quite a long time ...

[Lv. abilities increased: Telekinesis: lvl. 5]

When did you have time?

OK.

I walked out of the gate and quietly made my way to the nearest forest.

Phew, now you can wander around the world without fear of anything ...

I did not notice how a gang of bandits managed to surround me.

"Listen, girl, padhady, pabaltaem." - the chief smiles.

"Tebe budet vesela, atvechayu)) 0)" - adds another.

Um... How should I tell them... Ah. I can't speak. Beach.

The leader grabbed my hand. Eh.

"Ne, stesnyaysa, packages of a face, beautiful!" - ...

Well... He pulled off my hood...

This is the first time I've seen someone run so fast.

As I said, even the bandits are not afraid of me now.

[Unlocked stat: Courage - You are not afraid when you are not afraid(Google Translate)]

Chapter 16: Like, well, you get the idea

Pref. Karoch, that's me, chotky potsyk.

Well so cho, here and so.

I'm going through the woods, here.

The boys called to chat, so.

Well, that's it, I'm going, then.

Op, and mulberries on the road, a showdown is planned for a campaign - I see the people here have pulled themselves up, type.

Well, like, gopans here.

So, I see it.

Gopans surrounded some girl.

Well, I'm a type, sharp, albeit a little timid.

I stand, I mean.

Well, type, they approached her. They roll up.

Who picks up like that?!

Idiots!

It is not necessary to pick up! Need to...

Oh... They pulled their, these, like, hands.

Damn, you can't see the zhirobas ...

A? What kind of atmosphere is it?

Are they frozen?!

No!

What?!

What is that?!

How the hell do they run like that?!

Uh, type, what is it?!

That's her?

I looked - yes, everything is fine, it stands as it stood, the current lowers its hands ...

What for a core?!

Is she the one out of all?

Who is she?

From whom they could so siranut?

I noticed that some dude was standing behind me.

(By the way, dude is like a neutered ram or camel... Sorry for calling you that, dude.)

I turned to him.

Hey there! Oops, he can't hear me...

I remembered it with my finger.

Fuck!

She shows me, type, "come"! She thinks I'm with them?!

No! I'm too sharp to die!

Go fuck yourself!!

He faded even faster than the bandits ...

Strange... He didn't see my "face"...

Ah, don't care. It's time to get out of here.

I raised my right hand up and flew away like soup * rmen.

Yes.

By raising the level of telekinesis, I can lift the armor into the air!

Especially leather ones.

I'm flying through the sky, flying around the birds.

Beauty... Probably.

Air projectile dodge!

[Threat Detected!]

Recognize.

[Analysis...

Enemy: Flock of Pigeons]

Jarvis, fire the flares!

[Weapon missing]

Activate machine guns!

[Empty ammo]

We dodge!

Acceleration!

[Max Speed]

We are being pursued!

[Disguise enabled]

[Warning: alpha dove spotted.]

[Insufficient energy]

[Disguise disabled]

Your mother!

We are falling!

BUMMMMMM!!!

So, like, the armor was not damaged.

Although the cape now looks even more shabby.

But what is it?

The city is up ahead!

Oh?

What am I sitting on?

Em...

Sorry mage.

However, if you are like that, then everything is in order.

Let's wrap him up.

A book, a torn pr*zik and thirty silver...

Not much.

Perhaps I'll keep the book and the silver for myself....

Wow, that's a spellbook!

So, page... Six.

'Spell against moderate constipation'... Not that.

'How to fix a broken shoe'... Not from this opera.

'The real name of Vladimir Vladimirovich'...

Not interested.

'Castration of dogs for dummies'...

Is this really a spell book?

Ah, it was a newsprint in a book...

So.

Here, I found it.

What you need.

'Spell of ventriloquism'.

Chapter 17: The Voice

OK.

I got off the magician and went to the city.

On the way, I study the spell.

Blah, blah blah blah blah blah blah, blah blah blah, blah.

I see.

Some kind of kuine.

Is there no proper instructions here?

Oh... Okay.

Blah blah, blah blah blah, blah blah blah blah blah.

So, we collect mana and cast a spell: Plum....

Beach. Beach, beach, beach.

What the hell are we pronouncing?

Fuck, now what to do?

Okay, we're looking.

So...

And here...

But here...

Found.

"Creating magic circles."

Blah blah blah blah, blah blah.

Fine.

I found a cleaning spell and wiped off the paint.

In the empty space, I scribbled the desired magic circle.

Crap. Unpleasant.

Okay activation...

[Acquired the ability of ventriloquism]

"One, two, three..." came a pedantic voice like that of a chipmunk.

Yes, a fly fly, not that.

But I've already scrawled the spell on myself. It cannot be erased... At least for another month.

It would be necessary then to slightly correct what is there.

Let's add a line here...

"Hello?"

Ugh, I almost crap myself ... If I could.

It's fucking Darth Vader...

"Luke, I'm your father... I brought you f*ck."

No, not that. But even dumb something to change again.

Okay.

So circle here...

"$&--__:-:+&++!;?&:&:!!"

Fak.

It's so gross that the heavens censored it...

No. I don't want to talk in obscenities...

Again!

"Yo, yo, nigga yo motherfucka beach

Yue pig, fucking pig, visa scrimming may speech..."

Uh ... Am I going to read rap forever now ?!

What a good thing...

No!

Not that!

So. It seems to have worked out.

I approached the gate. The guards looked back at me, but not seeing the weapon, they ignored it. Moreover, the cloak is shabby.

Chapter 17.5: Interlude 2

Today, we are proud to provide you...

Nothing.

Nothing at all.

Except nothing.

Well, maybe just a little bit.

Okay, but just a little bit, you understand?

From the author:

Let me tell you in advance, the "beginning" arc is already over.

The next chapter will start the next arc.

The name, I think, for now *spoiler*.

And so that you don't get bored while my assistant slave and I are working on a plan, then listen to this:

(If anyone does not understand, then the assistant-slave is my non-existent cat. But seriously, then someone really helps me a little))

New song of the stone: (I was just tormented by it:( )

Pink parts, dawn suns

Cut down all the villains, burn inside

Even though it's cruel, we don't give a shit

Golden sparks - fall into the bed

Rejoice in the heel on the left foot

Goblins, magicians - washed away in a push

Beat on the head - crack, crunch

New armor, mother, sadness

Toilet warrior, shit warrior

Protects the lid, keeps until the morning

Shit warrior, toilet warrior

Furiously washing away, fighting until dawn

A Tajik is crying, the boss scolded

For the fact that in the toilet past shit

Behind the cloud is a dragon, a blind beast

You see - kill, so as not to fill up with shit

Rejoice in the heel on the left foot

Goblins, magicians - washed away in a push

Beat on the head - crack, crunch

New armor, mother, sadness

Toilet warrior, shit warrior

Protects the lid, keeps until the morning

Shit warrior, toilet warrior

Furiously washing away, they fight until dawn ...

Chapter 18: Case One

Long time no see!

It's me, Stone!

And today begins a new chapter of this story!

I'm finally in the city. Among people. Among these dumb stoned creatures with a high-to-heaven ch...

[Look who's Talking...]

"Shut your mouth, bastard!"

People started looking at me.

Ept!

Now I can speak! It is necessary to monitor the activation of the magic circle! And then I’ll blurt out something that they will then collect me in fragments ...

Stop. Will not. Who the hell gave up a broken stone?

Only things will be taken...

Okay, be careful...

"The main thing is not to run into some crazy gopars, like those on the right ..."

What are you going to do...

They heard me.

Run, forest, run!

No, they're catching up!

Damn, I don't have enough control to move my legs fast enough!

I would fly, but not in the city!

Building!

I break in and slam the door. They didn't seem to notice.

I turn around...

Ёb-:":-:'&""℅√®^™¢®°°=¶°^¢™^™°®π™°...

This is a gay bar.

And it looks like I'm not welcome here.

"Listen, woman, get out of here, you don't belong here!"

"Someone take this darkspawn away!"

"She wants to destroy our pure male love! Bring her down, brothers!"

Yup yup yup yup yup yup yop yop yup...

Let's run back!!

Phew, no one outside...

We need to find a place to rest.

Wow, I see. Inn.

We go.

We leave.

The hostess has a hand parrot.

I hate birds.

Let's find the Adventurers Guild better...

It is known for certain that most geniuses have topographical cretinism.

That's what I thought, I'm a genius.

[And someone else asked why I gave him such a title...]

Chick, fell.

All problems are because of you.

[Listen, you're not a greyhound there, understand? And then you’ll rave it to the fullest, I’ll answer you. And God is always responsible for the market]

Tch... Just shut up.

I entered the guild of those Adventurers and headed towards the counter.

If I remember correctly, when you register you get the opportunity to rent a room...

[Where do you remember?]

From a barrel of pickled bullheads.

"Hello." - I greeted the girl ... No, it would be more correct to say a waterskin with fat.

"Dratuti. What do you want?

"Give me a package of yogurt, five insulin tablets, a barrel of vodka and a bear to ride a moped, also give me a bag of shit and a flint and a joint."

"What?" - the wineskin froze.

"Register for me."

"A... A."

The waterskin twisted like a balloon in the hands of a clown... I hate clowns.

"Write" - she handed me a piece of toilet paper.

Well, yes, it is logical. Offering toilet paper to someone who's full of shit...not really.

So let's fill in the gaps...

'Klikukha: Sherlock Halmes.

Job: ...

Capabilities:

I can speak.

I can bring trouble.

About Me:

Nope.?'

OK.

I booked a room and went to my room.

At two o'clock in the morning a scream was heard.

I took a walk to have a look.

In the middle of the main hall, where the entrance is located, lies a corpse. And next to it is a bloody bat.

There are other guests around.

The gendarmes soon arrived.

Something tells me that the time has come for me, Sherlock Halmes, to solve this case.

After all, there is only one truth!

Chapter 19: Deduction

There,

Tadam,

Tadam tadam tadam

Tadam tadam,

Tadadadam.

With you Sherlock Halmes. No.

Better call me Sherlock Holm.

Or just a whore.

Kidding. I am not like that.

(And I'm walking like this all

In a slice of boar

I'm walking like this

like a banana skin...

So. You have to be more serious.

There's a man dead.

What about me? I'm a stone.

I do not care.

But in order not to disgrace the glorious name Sh__X__,

I have to solve this case!

Not a single criminal has left me yet!

(Indeed, he didn’t leave. Everyone ran away screaming.)

So it's time to get down to business.

I approached the gendarme with a test emo haircut and asked in the voice of Holmes, for which I had to draw a second magic circle (Well, you think how brilliant I am: you just need to turn your head to change the male voice to a female one (Perfect Trap!):

- Inspector, did you find evidence?

- What are you, an asshole?

- I'll ask you to watch the language of the inspector. Before you is a great detective.

- Is that short for "Baby Condom?"

- No, it's short for "Grandfather - Active", but you don't need to know the details. However, I came here to help with the investigation. I'll help find the killer.

- X * y to find your first, fool. Don't let me work. You think I can't tell women's armor from men's?

I'm changing my mind. He has a f*cking hairstyle.

Let's go to the next one then.

- The head of the guard is coming!

Great. This is my chance.

I jumped up to a short man with a high mustache concentration.

- Hello. Do you need my help?

I'm a professional in finding criminals.

“Is it true?~ This is great!~ Please help us.~ We will be happy to thank you.~” he exclaimed in a high voice, and made a fucking magical girl pose.

... I felt a non-existent sweat. Why... Why does he shame such a gorgeous mustache...

- With joy. Have you identified the body yet?

- Yes.~ He was the son of the local count.~ Also called Patrick.~ Strictly between us, he was that naughty one...~

- Eckham, have you interviewed the witnesses yet?

- Why?~

- Well, to tell them if they saw anyone suspicious.

- Yes, everything is fine.~ Let's just put the blame on the Master of the yard.~

The owner of the yard jumped up, crossed himself with an inverted cross and tried to quietly slip away.

I'm afraid even if he's not the killer, we still have to arrest him...

- You know, I already figured out who the culprit is.

- Oh, really?~ You're so good, let me kiss you.~

- Um, no thanks.

- What a pity.~ So who is it?

- Well, it's elementary, Watson. The killer is the butler!

- How did you know my name?!

- I figured it out using a complex deduction method. At first I blurted out at random, then I tried to come up with an explanation. It always works.

- Oh, you're a genius!~ If it wasn't for the chapter's ban, I would definitely invite you to join us.~

- To the gendarme?

- No, to the world of magical girls.~

My poor mustache, a couple more minutes and I can't stand it and save you...

“Well, arrest the butler!~

- I report! Butler not found!

[Title obtained: Stoned Detective - find the criminal in the most idiotic way, and also wrong. (+30% chance to guess the criminal)]

The emo-head leaned over the corpse and began to examine it.

Suddenly the corpse wheezed and tried to rise. But the emo blockhead was not at a loss, and with a cry:

"Corpses are supposed to lie down and not move!" stabbed him with a club.

Rest in peace, young Count... You're definitely dead now...

“If the butler has nothing to do with it, then who is the real killer?” asked the mustachioed.

- For this, I think, it is necessary to find the motive of the crime, the time of death and the alibi of everyone who could have killed him.

- Interview everyone present!~

The gendarmes rushed to catch the guests and pull them out of the rooms. Two were even interrupted at the most interesting ...

- We interrogated them, sir! They deny their guilt!

Well, the stump is clear, they deny it. What kind of idiot wants to confirm...

I asked them to line up in front of us.

- Eniki-Beniki ate dumplings... It's him!

- How did you find out?!

Hehe, did you think that 30% chance was not enough?

- What? Petroc, why did you do that?!~ Do they know each other?

- Mr. Detective, maybe we can put the blame on the Master of the Yard?~

Are you really a gendarme?

- Excuse me... I did it by accident...

- How could you beat him with a bat by accident?

- Yes, I wanted to help ... The young count is just a little masochistic ... He was going, as usual, to beat himself with a bat in a deserted place, but the doors of the inn were closed ...

- I'm saying it's the Master's fault!~

- In general, he began to beat himself when everyone went to bed, but he was just a little tired. He came to me and said: Petrok, I'm tired of beating myself, can you help me as a friend?

...

- Well, then we went to the hall, I began to help him. Yes, only the left heel itched, so I removed one hand from the bat to scratch it and pick my nose. And unfortunately removed it. When swinging. I wanted to give in the balls, punched in the head.

Well, he passed out. Well, what about me? I thought he was enjoying it. Well, he went to sleep. See? I am not guilty.

- Arrest him.

- Mr. Detective, maybe not?~

- It is necessary, Vasya, it is necessary.

And that's how my first case was closed...

Chapter 20: Infiltration

Everything is ready, M.

- Great, 00K, you can start.

-That's right, M!

- Sir, we're landing in 30 seconds!

- Everyone ready?

- Yes captain!

- I can not hear you!

- That's right, Captain!

- Whooooooootrolololololo azazaz...

Hello, this is Stone. I was invited to FBVH (Federal Bureau of All sorts of Shit), because the successful solving of this case attracted the attention of the head of the gendarmes, Pug Hopkins. He suggested that I take part in a super-secret operation to infiltrate a crime syndicate.

They were going to parachute us near their forest base, so that we pretended to be single bandits, and were asked to join them.

When I asked about the award, he offered to choose for himself.

- And you do not have shit some very strong monster? - I just need to pump up again, I need to, I need to pump up.

- Oh, so you're a mage...

In that case, I can look for something...

If all magic in our world is like this, then my dreams have just been ruthlessly trampled on.

In the end what?

We are flying.

- Who lives at the bottom of the toilet?

- Mister Shit that stuck for a long time!

Who can help us clean it up?

- Domestos!

- Ta ra ta ta ta ta ta ta tyd.

- Everyone prepare to land! the pilot shouted.

Speaking of which, we're flying now. This is a special development of the "rubber valley", which allows a group of people to fly almost silently, it looks like... Like Carlson. Very fat Carlson. And without a face and clothes.

Well, you understand. Pig with a propeller. And the entrance... Behind.

We fly up to the edge of the forest and go down the rope. I cannot hold the "body" with the force of the fingers of the gloves, in fact, because then only the gloves will remain on the rope. Therefore, I imperceptibly descended in flight. People would simply not believe that someone could transfer the body with the power of telekinesis, because. he is up to 10 lvl. rather weak and not capable of such a weight, and it is very difficult to pump it further. However, I only have armor and myself, so I don't weigh much.

I went downstairs and we all headed towards the syndicate's base. Other operatives are dressed in appropriate clothes, but mine does. In addition, especially for this occasion, I bought a mask and a wig in the shop. Although the bald head and through it a little shines through. But in the evening, she illuminates the hair from the inside, creating a bewitching spectacle. But at least now, instead of a head, the ball is not visible. And I sealed the holes for the eyes with red paper. Now my baldness (and I have it all over my body) highlights these holes, and in the dark it looks like my eyes glow red.

We came to the door of the village toilet of the deserted village. It had a "under renovation" sign on it. I knocked three times, and from behind the door came the question: "What is the password?"

Crap! So is there a password? Umm...

- Grek rode across the river, sees Grek in the river cancer. He put the Greek ass in the river, but the cancer in the Greek's ass ***.

- Password accepted.

Looks like the infiltration was successful...

Chapter 21: The Boss

We went into the push one by one, and getting into the toilet, we pressed the flush.

It's time for me too.

The world swirled before my eyes, and I knew the fate of what is my food.

Shortly after the water slides at the not-so-smelling water park, I was thrown into the catacombs under the forest. Here we were already waiting.

Convoyed by a crowd of bandits, I carefully examined the surrounding landscape (which is not there) and went to their boss.

The boss turned out to be a 97-year-old old fart.

He seemed so weak that I said at random:

It looks like you only have a day left.

The thug to my left tried to knock me out with his scabbard, but the boss waved his hand and slowly said:

- leave. I want to talk to him.

While he was saying all this, I managed to play solitaire, play pinball and bet the nearest bandit that I could eat more plates of that same sweet flour product than he did.

I won, of course. The stake was a joint of red-leaved spice, rare in these parts.

Even though I couldn't smoke, I lit a cigarette and swirled it in front of my "face". I did not notice how the clouds of smoke soaked into me.

Finally, the boss finished the last letter and everyone left. I began to listen to the question that he wanted to ask me. Or rather, he tried.

Humming to myself, I mentally altered the Katyusha in my own way:

Cases of murder flourished

Facts floated in the eyes of the gendarmes.

And suffered, a symptom of cretinism,

Our caretaker, playing the song beats.

Came out playing hands

They'll take him very soon.

He will now slap a blow in the groin,

From the fact that Katya climbs again.

Oh, you are a strong woman, Katyusha,

And only Wi-Fi will keep you

And even though you look like a piggy,

Don't forget me anyway.

Let there be fire around, shells rumble,

Let the signal be only two columns,

Even if we are not welcome in your house,

But the loot flows to us endlessly.

Apple and cherry trees blossomed

Mists floated over the river.

The Almighty came to us on the shore,

He asked me to hurry home.

